# SPOTIFY PLAYLISTS INTO MP3
#### VIDEO DEMO: https://youtu.be/MIIu1hp-LRg
#### DESCRIPTION:
Before starting out my final project for CS50x, I am sure to myself that I want my final project to be something useful to me. Then during those times, spotify, which is one of my most used app, had just increased their price for premium subscription. As a broke college student, even just a little bit of price increase is alreay too much for me but at the same time I don't want to give up my hobby of listening to music. That's when it came to me that why don't I use the programming knowledge that I learn from this course in order to solve this problem. Thus, my project of converting my spotify playlists into downloadable MP3's was born.

My project is composed of three main files, one python file and 2 html files. In my python file named app.py, this where all of the backend processes for my web app is happening. In here, you can see that the default state of my web app will be to return my index.html (login page for the web app). After that, the login route will then handle the OAUTH authorization that I will need in order to have permission to access the spotify playlist of the user through the Spotify API. In order to do this, I created two functions, the first one is for creating the user's spotify OAUTH. The next one is for getting the user's spotify token which is what the server present as a proof to be able to access the spotify API. At the same time, it also automatically request for a new token whenever the current token had expired, thus, ensuring that the user will stay logged in. 

After being able to access the Spotify API, the web app will then send a request to the Spotify API requesting to get all the info of the user's saved playlists in his profile which will then be displayed in the display_playlist route. In the display_playlist route, the app will return the display.html which will serve as UI wherein the user can choose what playlist he/she wants to convert. Upon selecting one or more playlist, the app will then be rerouted into get_songs.

In the get_songs route, the process can be divided into 5 main phases. The first one is the fetching of all the songs from the user's selected playlist. After getting all the songs, it will then move into the next phase which is the creation of a list of string with the song name and their artist. This list of string will then be use as the input for searching the youtube video of the given song and then saving all of their urls into a given list called video_links. After that, each link for the video_links will then be downloaded and converted into mp3 using the pytube library. All the downloaded songs will then be saved temporarily into the downloads folder. After all the songs had been downloaded, they will then be saved into a zip package that will then be later returned to the user. Once all the songs had been saved into the zip package, all the mp3 files from the downloads folder will then be deleted.

That's all for my project. Thank you and this is CS50!

